DOCS-2790: QA deploy model how-to page (#3297)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/how-tos/deploy-ml.md

{{<imgproc src="/registry/upload-module.svg" class="fill alignleft" style="max-width: 150px" declaredimensions=true alt="Train models">}}
**2. Deploy your ML model**

> If you haven't already, [create a machine](/manage/fleet/machines/#add-a-new-machine) and [set it up](/manage/fleet/machines/#set-up-a-new-machine).

Author: ```suggestion
If you haven't already, [create a machine](/cloud/machines/#add-a-new-machine) and [set it up](/cloud/machines/#set-up-a-new-machine).
```
